# MTP-work
**Deformation of viscoelastic compound drop in a shear flow (Work till now)**

Deformation of compound viscoelastic drop (Newtonian core with viscoelastic shell model) in a Newtonian matrix undergoing shear is proposed as an computational model so as to replicate biological cell say White Blood Cell which can be studied for various effects of its physical properties and composition by varying the viscoelastic properties so as to study its deformation under shear flow.For this case, Basilisk is being used as a CFD coding tool for simulations. The important parameters that are concern of study are Deformation parameter (D) vs time at various intervals. Variation of Capillary number and Deborah number and its effect on D. Also velocity streamlines, viscoelastic stresses study is the part of concern. Aso if possible, aim is to implement a model with eccentric core (more realistic model) in the compound drop instead of simple concentric case.  
  The repository contains results work done till now for the same. Till now a an attempt is to made to validate the results produced by previous researchers for the case of simple concentric Newtonian drop in Newtonian matrix shear flow. The results are getting relatively closer to the previous work. However as there is no viscoelasticity included, so another paper for simple viscoelastic drop deformation needs to be get validated so as to club these two approaches together to achieve the relevant results as per our project aim. 
